  使用Docker软件容器意味着您可以将软件、操作系统和硬件配置从应用程序中抽离出来，并能拥有一个可以随处运行的标准构件模块。
  但当您开始大量部署这些容器用于繁复的应用时，管理所有这些容器集群很快就变得复杂起来。如果可以只关注容器化的应用程序，
  而将容器部署和调度以及集群配置和管理全部交由某项服务进行，岂不是更好？
  
  Using Docker containers means that you can abstract away the software operating system and hardware 
  configuration from your app and have a standard building block that you can run anywhere. But when 
  you start deploying lots of these containers for lots of applications,managing all of these container
  clusters starts to get complicated pretty fast. Wouldn't it be nice if you could just focus on building
  containerized apps, and leave the container deployment and scheduling and cluster configuration and
  management to a service that manages all of them ?
  
  
  
  
  
  ECS (EC2 Container Service)是一个高度可扩展、高性能的软件容器管理服务，允许用户运行和管理分布式的应用程序。ECS 允许用户
  通过简单的API调用，在EC2实例的集群上对Docker软件进行调度、启动和运行。您可以利用Docker构建并将应用程序打包进容器，然后利用ESC
  将这些应用程序无缝集成到产品中。
  
  Amazon EC2 Container Service is a highly scalable, high-performance container management service，that
  allows you to run and manage distributed applications. EC2 Container Service allows you to schedule,
  launch and run Docker containers across a cluster of Amazon EC2 instances using a simple set of APIs.
  You can build and package applications into containers with Docker and then seamlessly deploy the applications
  into production with EC2 Container Service.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ECS 为您管理EC2实例集群，处理您的集群状态，并在您的集群上对容器进行调度、运行和监控。ECS 根据您的CPU和内存需求对容器进行调度，
  帮助寻找集群的最佳部署位置，您也可以根据自身意愿使用自己的程序部署。使用ECS，您可以在自己的集群上运行不同类型的应用程序或任务，
  例如，您可能有一个始终运行的Web应用程序，以及一个处理间歇任务的图像处理程序，ECS可以对这二者一起调度和运行。ECS还可以为您的集群
  提供监控服务，告知各应用程序正在占用的资源量以及还剩多少资源可用于新任务。 无论您是要处理几十或上千个集群，ECS都可以让您快速部署、
  更新和削减容器，从而轻松运行一切构成您应用程序的不同任务，例如Web服务器、队列、数据库、API后端及后台程序。您可以从AWS管理控制台
  或通过AWS SDK访问ECS。ECS结合了Docker的一致性构建和部署经验，以及EC2的所有优点，您只需为自己集群中的EC2实例及使用的其他AWS
  资源付费，而使用ECS则无需额外付费。
  
  
  EC2 Container Service manages a cluster of Amazon EC2 instances for you and takes care of the state of your
  cluster as well as scheduling, running and monitoring containers across your cluster. EC2 Container Service 
  schedules containers to help find the optimal placement based on your CPU and memory needs，and you can use
  your own schedulers with EC2 Container Service if you would like. 
  
  With EC2 Container Service you can run a mix of different types of applications or tasks across your cluster，
  For example, you might have a web app that runs all the time and an image-processing worker that processess
  intermittent tasks, EC2 Container Service can schedule and run these together.
  
  
  EC2 Container Service also monitors your cluster and tells you how much resources are being used by each application 
  and how much is left for new tasks.
  
  EC2 Container Service allows you to quickly deploy, update and rollback containers regardless of whether you are
  dealing with tens or thousands of containers, making it easy to run all the different tasks that make up your 
  applications such as web servers,queues,databases,API backends and background workers. You can access EC2 Container
  Service from an AWS Management Console or through the AWS SDK.
  
  EC2 Container Service combines the consistent build and deploy experience of Docker with all the benefits of EC2,
  and best of all you just pay for the EC2 instances in your cluster and any other AWS resources used. There is no
  additional charge for using EC2 Container Service.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
